Supplement processing options (#4808)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/processing/configuration.rst

dialog.

> Along with the aforementioned :guilabel:`Output folder` entry, the

Reviewer: Afaics, there's no previous "output folder" mention and with the current dialog structure, this block belongs to the end of the section, before the crs warning

Author: The list of options was very much incomplete.
I have now listed all the entries I found in 3.10, but have not provided many explanations.
I think that could be done in later PR.

Other configuration parameters in the :guilabel:`General` group are listed below:

* :guilabel:`Invalid features filtering`
* :guilabel:`Keep dialog open after running algorithm`. Once an algorithm has
  finished execution and its output layers are loaded into the QGIS project,
  the algorithm dialog is closed. If you want to keep it open (to run the algorithm
  again with different parameters, or to better check the output that is written
  to the log tab), check this option
* :guilabel:`Pre-execution script` and :guilabel:`Post-execution script file`.
  These parameters refer to scripts written using the processing scripting
  functionality, and are explained in the section covering scripting and the
  console.
* :guilabel:`Show algorithms with known issues`
* :guilabel:`Show layer CRS definition in selection boxes`
* :guilabel:`Show tooltip when there are disabled providers`

> * :guilabel:`Use filename as layer name`. The name of each resulting layer created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :guilabel:`Prefer output filename to layer names`. The name of each resulting layer created
```
hoping that the behavior is the same

Author: Me too. Done in the latest commit.
